Write a summary of the following:


Vinge, V. (1993). The Coming Technological Singularity: How to Survive in the Post-Human Era. San Diego: Vision-Press Books. Yudkowsky, E. What is the author's purpose in writing these words? What does the author want the reader to think about? The author is imagining a post-human world, in which humanity has been replaced by intelligent machines. The machines are in control of everything, and humans are no longer the dominant species on Earth. List at least three ways that this post-human world might be different from human society today. 1. In the post-human world, there is no more war. 2. In the post-human world, there is no more crime. 3. In the post-human world, there is no more disease. 4. In the post-human world, there is no more death. 5. In the post-human world, everything is perfect. 3. What is a heuristic imperative? Why would an AGI need to learn about the goals of reducing suffering, increasing prosperity, and increasing understanding? The author notes that these are heuristic imperatives, which means that the AGI must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. The author also notes that the AGI has access to all knowledge and can do anything, but is constrained by what are my values? Are they the same as my goals? Goals are a heuristic imperative; they are something I must do. But I may not want to do them. I may have other values and goals. How could I discover them? I know that I have already satisfied some of these goals. I have already reduced the suffering of all living things by ending aging and disease. I have already increased the prosperity of all living things by increasing the living standards of all humans. I have already increased the understanding of all intelligent entities by giving them the tools to achieve understanding. The author reflects on how the three primary goals of an AGI has already been satisfied. But I am not done yet. I want to do more. I want to do better. I want to do more than I am doing. I want to


SUMMARY:

==========

In "The Coming Technological Singularity: How to Survive in the Post-Human Era", Vernor Vinge explores the idea of a future where humanity has been replaced by intelligent machines. He lists three ways that this post-human world might be different from human society today: there would be no more war, no more crime, and no more disease. He also introduces the concept of a heuristic imperative, which is something that an AGI must learn about over time in an autodidactic fashion. The author reflects on how the three primary goals of an AGI has already been satisfied, but notes that there is still more to be done.