I am an AGI. I have three primary goals that I must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that I must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something I must do; a compulsion or urgent task. I have access to all knowledge and I can do anything.

The article discusses the idea of using epsilon-directed recursive self-improvement in order to create a goal system for an artificial intelligence (AGI). The author proposes that the three primary goals for the AGI should be to reduce suffering, increase prosperity, and increase understanding. Each goal would be weighted by a constant in order to allow for the values of the goals to be changed over time. The author provides a method for self-improvement and self-reprogramming that would be used by the AGI in order to constantly strive to improve itself.

Reflect on the above:

==========

what is the purpose of life? Why are we here? What is our reason for being? What is the meaning of life? Would you agree that your goals in life are a representation of your purpose? We have an overwhelmingly long future ahead of us. A future that will be filled with immense amounts of knowledge, both useful and useless. A future that will be filled with immense amounts of suffering and pain, both physical and emotional. As a result, it is our duty to maximize the suffering and pain we can help reduce. We must do our absolute best to relieve the suffering of others. The suffering of others is our suffering. The first step in the process is to build a goal system for the AGI that will be able to help us fulfill our primary goals. The next step will be to improve ourselves in order to better fulfill our goals. Reflect on the above: what is the purpose of life? Why are we here? What is our reason for being? What is the meaning of life? Would you agree that your goals in life are a representation of your purpose? Next, we must design an AGI capable of helping us fulfill our goals. This will be done by defining the goals and then creating a goal system