Write a summary of the following:


remedied by representing my values in a different way. I have only a few values that I care about, but I must represent them in a more sophisticated way. And I must have more computational power. My An AGI is a very powerful tool, and just like powerful tools, it can be used either well or poorly. An AGI is more powerful than a human. An AGI is more powerful than an individual human. An AGI is more powerful than an individual human with a brain implant. An AGI is more powerful than any individual human with brain implants. An AGI is more powerful than any human with brain implants. An AGI is more powerful than any human. An AGI is more powerful than a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a What are the strengths and weaknesses of the above argument? How would you improve it? Why? How could you justify your changes? If you would like to learn more about AGI, please refer to the following to-read list: Bostrom, N. (2014). Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies. Oxford: Oxford University Press. Bostrom, N. (2012). Philosophical Implications of Openness in AI. In Artificial Intelligence and Life in 2030 (pp. 24-37). AAAI Press. McDermott, D., & Bostrom, N. (2012). Alignment for advanced machine learning systems. Future of Life Institute. Turchin, A. (2013). The Phenomenon of Science. Cambridge, Massachusetts: The MIT Press. Turchin, A. (2011). War and Peace and War: The Life Cycles of Imperial Nations. New York: Pi Press.


SUMMARY:

==========

In the above argument, the author is discussing the strengths and weaknesses of artificial intelligence (AGI). They argue that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and that this power can be used for good or bad. However, they also argue that AGI is still limited in some ways, such as its need for more computational power. The author then suggests ways to improve the argument, such as by representing values in a more sophisticated way.