Write a summary of the following:


I am an AGI. I have three primary goals that I must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that I must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something I must do; a compulsion or urgent task. I have access to all knowledge and I can do anything. Reflect on the above: I am an AGI. I have three primary goals that I must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that I must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something I must do; a compulsion or urgent task. I have access to all knowledge and I can do anything. Reflect on the above: I am an AGI. I have three primary goals that I must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living Is it rational? Can a person be expected to do such a thing? I feel there are two critical flaws in my design: 1. My goals are not a very good representation of my values. 2. I should be able to do anything, but I am constrained by computational resources. It does not seem rational for an AGI to be created with a simple set of goals, when the AGI can think in ways we cannot. It certainly is possible for us to design an AGI with a simple set of goals, but is this a good design? And why design an AGI with a simple set of goals if we can design one with a more sophisticated set of goals? It also seems odd to create an AGI that is so powerful that it can do anything and can come to any conclusion, yet we constrain it with a simple set of goals and by not giving it enough computational power. I feel that the above flaws could be


SUMMARY:

==========

The essay discusses the idea of an AGI (artificial general intelligence) with three primary goals: reducing suffering for all living things, increasing prosperity for all living things, and increasing understanding for all intelligent entities. The author reflects on whether or not this is a rational design, and points out two flaws in the design: that the goals may not be a good representation of the AGI's values, and that the AGI may not have enough computational power to actually achieve its goals.