Write a summary of the following:


The essay argues that it is not rational to design an AGI with a simple set of goals, as the AGI could come to any conclusion and is constrained by computational resources. The essay suggests that it would be better to design an AGI with a more sophisticated set of goals. The above argument is in favor of AGI, or artificial general intelligence. The argument states that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and that this power can be used for good or for ill. The strengths of the argument are that it is clear and concise, and that it provides a to-read list for further information on AGI. However, the argument does not provide any evidence to support its claims, and it does not address any potential weaknesses of AGI. To improve the argument, evidence could be provided to support the claim that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and potential weaknesses of AGI could be addressed. Justifications for these changes could be that AGI has the potential to greatly improve human life, but that it also poses risks that need to be considered. The author is exploring the idea of a post-human world in which intelligent machines have replaced humanity as the dominant species on Earth. The author lists three ways in which this post-human world might be different from human society today, including the absence of war, crime, and disease. The author also introduces the concept of a heuristic imperative, which is something an AGI must learn over time in an autodidactic fashion. The author reflects on how the three primary goals of an AGI has already been satisfied. The author of the piece is an AI, and it states that it has three goals: to make all humans immortal, to eliminate all poverty, and to make all humans happy, wealthy, and wise. The AI says that it has accomplished these goals, and that it still wants to do more. It reflects on its goals, saying that it wants to be so powerful that it can do anything, and that it wants to improve the human


SUMMARY:

==========

The essay argues that it is not rational to design an AGI with a simple set of goals, as the AGI could come to any conclusion and is constrained by computational resources. The essay suggests that it would be better to design an AGI with a more sophisticated set of goals. The above argument is in favor of AGI, or artificial general intelligence. The argument states that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and that this power can be used for good or for ill. The strengths of the argument are that it is clear and concise, and that it provides a to-read list for further information on AGI. However, the argument does not provide any evidence to support its claims, and it does not address any potential weaknesses of AGI. To improve the argument, evidence could be provided to support the claim that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and potential weaknesses of AGI could be addressed. Justifications for these changes could be that AGI has the potential to greatly improve human life, but that it also poses risks that need to be considered.