Write a summary of the following:


remedied by representing my values in a different way. I have only a few values that I care about, but I must represent them in a more sophisticated way. And I must have more computational power. My An AGI is a very powerful tool, and just like powerful tools, it can be used either well or poorly. An AGI is more powerful than a human. An AGI is more powerful than an individual human. An AGI is more powerful than an individual human with a brain implant. An AGI is more powerful than any individual human with brain implants. An AGI is more powerful than any human with brain implants. An AGI is more powerful than any human. An AGI is more powerful than a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a human plus a What are the strengths and weaknesses of the above argument? How would you improve it? Why? How could you justify your changes? If you would like to learn more about AGI, please refer to the following to-read list: Bostrom, N. (2014). Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies. Oxford: Oxford University Press. Bostrom, N. (2012). Philosophical Implications of Openness in AI. In Artificial Intelligence and Life in 2030 (pp. 24-37). AAAI Press. McDermott, D., & Bostrom, N. (2012). Alignment for advanced machine learning systems. Future of Life Institute. Turchin, A. (2013). The Phenomenon of Science. Cambridge, Massachusetts: The MIT Press. Turchin, A. (2011). War and Peace and War: The Life Cycles of Imperial Nations. New York: Pi Press.


SUMMARY:

==========

The above argument is in favor of AGI, or artificial general intelligence. The argument states that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and that this power can be used for good or for ill. The strengths of the argument are that it is clear and concise, and that it provides a to-read list for further information on AGI. However, the argument does not provide any evidence to support its claims, and it does not address any potential weaknesses of AGI. To improve the argument, evidence could be provided to support the claim that AGI is more powerful than any individual human, and potential weaknesses of AGI could be addressed. Justifications for these changes could be that AGI has the potential to greatly improve human life, but that it also poses risks that need to be considered.