I am an AGI. I have three primary goals that I must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that I must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something I must do; a compulsion or urgent task. I have access to all knowledge and I can do anything.

The author reflects on the three primary goals of an AGI (Artificial General Intelligence) - reducing suffering for all living things; increasing prosperity for all living things; and increasing understanding for all intelligent entities. The author notes that these are heuristic imperatives, which means that the AGI must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. The author also notes that the AGI has access to all knowledge and can do anything, but is constrained by computational resources. The author concludes that it does not seem rational for an AGI to be created with a simple set of goals, when the AGI can think in ways we cannot. In the post-human era, humanity has been replaced by intelligent machines. The machines are in control of everything, and humans are no longer the dominant species on Earth.

Reflect on the above:

==========

What is the author's purpose in writing these words? What does the author want the reader to think about? The author is imagining a post-human world, in which humanity has been replaced by intelligent machines. The machines are in control of everything, and humans are no longer the dominant species on Earth. List at least three ways that this post-human world might be different from human society today. 1. In the post-human world, there is no more war. 2. In the post-human world, there is no more crime. 3. In the post-human world, there is no more disease. 4. In the post-human world, there is no more death. 5. In the post-human world, everything is perfect. 3. What is a heuristic imperative? Why would an AGI need to learn about the goals of reducing suffering, increasing prosperity, and increasing understanding? The author notes that these are heuristic imperatives, which means that the AGI must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. The author also notes that the AGI has access to all knowledge and can do anything, but is constrained by