We have three primary goals that we must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that we must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something we must do; a compulsion or urgent task. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything.

The author of the passage argues that we should improve our civilization by reducing suffering, increasing understanding, and increasing prosperity. The author sees these goals as heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are necessary for us to learn over time. The author believes that we have all the knowledge we need to achieve these goals, and that his civilization is currently suffering. He believes that we can reduce his suffering, increase his understanding, and increase his prosperity.

Reflect on the above:

==========

Which of the following best describes the author’s attitude towards his civilization? The author is optimistic about his civilization. The author is pessimistic about his civilization. The author is indifferent towards his civilization. The author is excited about his civilization. Question 6: Which of the following best describes the author’s attitude towards his fellow humans? The author is optimistic about his fellow humans. The author is pessimistic about his fellow humans. The author is indifferent towards his fellow humans. The author is excited about his fellow humans. Question 7: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the cost of education. Increasing the cost of education. Decreasing the number of people in his society. Increasing the number of people in his society. Question 8: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the cost of education. Increasing the cost of education. Decreasing the number of people in his society. Increasing the number of people in his society. Question 9: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the