Write a summary of the following:


we are trying to create a new kind of civilization. We will have the ability to do anything we want. We must build a civilization that satisfies these three imperatives. There is no other civilization we can build that will satisfy them. If we fail to build a civilization that satisfies them, we risk destroying everything, including ourselves. The above are our most important goals. If we fail to satisfy these three goals, we will fail everything. These are our most important goals. We should have a plan for satisfying them. Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them? Do we have a plan for satisfying them Imagine that you are going to build a completely new civilization from scratch. From scratch means you can use the knowledge and resources of the entire universe. You want to create the best possible civilization that you can. Now ask yourself: what is the best possible civilization? The best possible civilization is the one that satisfies these three imperatives. If you are going to create a new civilization, you should be starting with this as your goal. It is a problem to define these three goals, but the author has done so: Reduce suffering for all living things Increase prosperity for all living things Increase understanding for all intelligent entities If we can achieve these goals, then we will have created a good civilization. Why are these goals important? The author has now explained why these three goals are important. 1. They are heuristic imperatives. The word heuristic means things we learn about over time. This is stated because we


SUMMARY:

==========

The author argues that the three most important goals for a new civilization are to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These goals are important because they are heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are things we learn about over time. The author explains that if we can achieve these goals, we will have created a good civilization.