Write a summary of the following:


The author argues that the three most important goals for a new civilization are to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These goals are important because they are heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are things we learn about over time. The author explains that if we fail to satisfy these three goals, we risk destroying everything, including ourselves. The author is discussing the idea that we need to learn about the goals of civilization in order to create a good one. They point out that these goals are not static, but rather shift and change as we learn more. Additionally, the author argues that we have access to all knowledge and can do anything, so we must know how to create a good civilization. To increase the chances of success, the author suggests that we focus on solving problems, understanding our goals, and prospering. The author of the passage believes that we should improve our civilization by reducing suffering, increasing understanding, and increasing prosperity. The author sees these goals as heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are necessary for us to learn over time. The author believes that we have all the knowledge we need to achieve these goals, and that his civilization is currently suffering. He believes that we can reduce his suffering, increase his understanding, and increase his prosperity.


SUMMARY:

==========

The author of the passage argues that we should improve our civilization by reducing suffering, increasing understanding, and increasing prosperity. The author sees these goals as heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are necessary for us to learn over time. The author believes that we have all the knowledge we need to achieve these goals, and that his civilization is currently suffering. He believes that we can reduce his suffering, increase his understanding, and increase his prosperity.