We have three primary goals that we must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that we must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something we must do; a compulsion or urgent task. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything.

The author is advocating for the creation of a new kind of civilization that would be able to do anything, and outlines the three goals that this civilization must satisfy in order to be successful. These goals are to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. The author explains that these goals are important because they are heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are things we learn about over time. 1. We don't know how to create a good civilization. We must learn about these goals over time. We are in a process of learning. 2. They are imperatives.

Reflect on the above:

==========

We are in a process of learning. We must learn about these goals over time. These goals are not static. They are derived from our current level of knowledge, and as we learn more, our goals will change. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. A number of important points are being made in this statement. First, the author is telling us that these goals are not static. They are derived from our current level of knowledge, and as we learn more, our goals will change. This is important because as we learn, our goals will shift and morph. They will not be static, and therefore a static goal, such as the goal of reducing suffering, is not sufficient to guide our civilization. Second, the author tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. This is important because if we have access to all knowledge, then we must know the answers to these goals. If we have this knowledge, then we can do anything, and if we can do anything, then we must have the knowledge to do everything that we need to do. If we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, then we must know how to create a good civilization