We have three primary goals that we must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that we must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something we must do; a compulsion or urgent task. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything.

The author is trying to build a new civilization that will be able to do anything it wants and will be the best possible civilization. This new civilization will have to satisfy three goals in order to be successful. These three goals are reducing suffering for all living things, increasing prosperity for all living things, and increasing understanding for all intelligent entities. If the civilization can achieve these goals, then it will be a good civilization. The author is telling us that the goals of our civilization are not static, but rather they are derived from our current level of knowledge. As we learn more, our goals will change. Additionally, the author tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. Therefore, we must know how to create a good civilization.

Reflect on the above:

==========

What does the author mean by “solve”? What does the author mean by “we can do anything?” What is the author’s primary goal? (the one that is most important) What is the author’s secondary goal? (the one that is important, but not as important as the primary) What is the author’s tertiary goal? (the one that is important, but not as important as the secondary) What is the author’s heuristic imperative? How can we increase the author’s heuristic imperative? How can we increase the author’s primary goal? How can we increase the author’s secondary goal? How can we increase the author’s tertiary goal? How can we increase the author’s understanding? How can we increase the author’s prosperity? How can we increase the author’s suffering? How can we improve the author’s civilization? How can we increase the author’s understanding? How can we increase the author’s prosperity?