Write a summary of the following:


civilization. Question 6: Which of the following best describes the authors attitude towards his fellow humans? The author is optimistic about his fellow humans. The author is pessimistic about his fellow humans. The author is indifferent towards his fellow humans. The author is excited about his fellow humans. Question 7: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the cost of education. Increasing the cost of education. Decreasing the number of people in his society. Increasing the number of people in his society. Question 8: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the cost of education. Increasing the cost of education. Decreasing the number of people in his society. Increasing the number of people in his society. Question 9: The author believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by doing what? Decreasing the What are my goals for my civilization? What are the goals of my civilization? What heuristic imperative should be used to achieve my goals? Is my civilization helping to reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity? Is my civilization helping to reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity? Is my civilization a force for good in the world? Is my civilization a force for good in the world? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my


SUMMARY:

==========

The author discusses his goals for his civilization and how he believes they can help reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity. He argues that his civilization is a force for good in the world and is improving the lives of people.