Write a summary of the following:


dont know how to create a good civilization. We must learn about these goals over time. We are in a process of learning. 2. They are imperatives. We are in a process of learning. We must learn about these goals over time. These goals are not static. They are derived from our current level of knowledge, and as we learn more, our goals will change. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. A number of important points are being made in this statement. First, the author is telling us that these goals are not static. They are derived from our current level of knowledge, and as we learn more, our goals will change. This is important because as we learn, our goals will shift and morph. They will not be static, and therefore a static goal, such as the goal of reducing suffering, is not sufficient to guide our civilization. Second, the author tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. This is important because if we have access to all knowledge, then we must know the answers to these goals. If we have this knowledge, then we can do anything, and if we can do anything, then we must have the knowledge to do everything that we need to do. If we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, then we must know how to create a good civilization What does the author mean by solve? What does the author mean by we can do anything? What is the authors primary goal? (the one that is most important) What is the authors secondary goal? (the one that is important, but not as important as the primary) What is the authors tertiary goal? (the one that is important, but not as important as the secondary) What is the authors heuristic imperative? How can we increase the authors heuristic imperative? How can we increase the authors primary goal? How can we increase the authors secondary goal? How can we increase the authors tertiary goal? How can we increase the authors understanding? How can we increase the authors prosperity? How


SUMMARY:

==========

The author is making the point that our goals are not static, and that as we learn more, our goals will change. The author also tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, meaning that if we have the knowledge, we can achieve anything. The author's primary goal is to learn how to create a good civilization, and the author's secondary goal is to increase understanding and prosperity. The author's tertiary goal is to reduce suffering. The author's heuristic imperative is to learn as much as possible in order to achieve these goals.