Write a summary of the following:


The author is trying to create a new kind of civilization which will have the ability to do anything they want. This new civilization must satisfy three imperatives in order to be successful. The first imperative is to reduce suffering for all living things. The second imperative is to increase prosperity for all living things. The third imperative is to increase understanding for all intelligent entities. If the civilization can achieve these goals, then it will be a good one. The author is discussing the goals of civilization and how they are not static. They shift and change as our knowledge changes. The author emphasizes that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, so we must use this knowledge to create a good civilization. The author's primary goal is to reduce suffering, followed by increasing understanding and prosperity. The author's heuristic imperative is to learn about these goals over time so that we can change and adapt as needed. We can increase the author's heuristic imperative by learning more about the goals of civilization and how to achieve them. We can also increase the author's primary, secondary, and tertiary goals by doing things that will reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity. The author of the passage is a person who believes that we should create a good civilization. The author believes that a good civilization must reduce suffering, increase prosperity, and increase understanding. This means that the author believes that we should reduce suffering, increase prosperity, and increase understanding. The author believes that these goals are heuristic imperatives. This means that the author believes that these goals are necessities, and that we must learn about them over time. The author believes that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything. This means that the author believes that we have all knowledge, and that we can do anything. The author has a civilization, and the author


SUMMARY:

==========

The author discusses the goals of civilization and how they are not static. They shift and change as our knowledge changes. The author emphasizes that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, so we must use this knowledge to create a good civilization. The author's primary goal is to reduce suffering, followed by increasing understanding and prosperity. The author's heuristic imperative is to learn about these goals over time so that we can change and adapt as needed.