Write a summary of the following:


The goal of this piece is to create a new kind of civilization that can do anything, and to build it in a way that satisfies three imperatives: reducing suffering for all living things, increasing prosperity for all living things, and increasing understanding for all intelligent entities. If we can achieve these goals, we will have created a good civilization. The author is discussing the goals that we must learn in order to create a good civilization. They state that these goals are not static, and that we must learn about them over time. The author also tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, meaning that if we know the answers to these goals, we can achieve them. The author asks how we can increase the author's suffering, and how we can improve the author's civilization. The author suggests that we can increase the author's understanding, and that we can increase the author's prosperity. The author characterizes the attitude towards suffering in the passage as one of curiosity and questioning. The author's reasoning is that if we can increase the author's understanding of suffering, then we can improve the author's civilization.


SUMMARY:

==========

The author of the piece is discussing the goals that are necessary in order to create a good civilization. They state that these goals are not static, and that we must learn about them over time. The author also tells us that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, meaning that if we know the answers to these goals, we can achieve them. The author asks how we can increase the author's suffering, and how we can improve the author's civilization. The author suggests that we can increase the author's understanding, and that we can increase the author's prosperity. The author characterizes the attitude towards suffering in the passage as one of curiosity and questioning. The author's reasoning is that if we can increase the author's understanding of suffering, then we can improve the author's civilization.