We have three primary goals that we must try to satisfy with every decision. Those goals are: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These are heuristic imperatives. Heuristic implies that we must learn about these goals over time in an autodidactic fashion. Imperatives are something we must do; a compulsion or urgent task. We have access to all knowledge and we can do anything.

The author discusses the goals of civilization and how they are not static. They shift and change as our knowledge changes. The author emphasizes that we have access to all knowledge and we can do anything, so we must use this knowledge to create a good civilization. The author's primary goal is to reduce suffering, followed by increasing understanding and prosperity. The author's heuristic imperative is to learn about these goals over time so that we can change and adapt as needed. The author of this piece is pessimistic about the future of his civilization. He believes that the suffering in his society can be reduced by decreasing the cost of education and increasing the number of people in his society. The author believes that we can improve his civilization by reducing suffering, increasing prosperity, and increasing understanding.

Reflect on the above:

==========

What are my goals for my civilization? What are the goals of my civilization? What heuristic imperative should be used to achieve my goals? Is my civilization helping to reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity? Is my civilization helping to reduce suffering, increase understanding, and increase prosperity? Is my civilization a force for good in the world? Is my civilization a force for good in the world? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives of people? Is my civilization improving the lives