Write a summary of the following:


The author argues that the three most important goals for a new civilization are to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These goals are important because they are heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are things we learn about over time. The author explains that if we can achieve these goals, we will have created a good civilization. The author is making the point that our goals are not static and that we have access to all knowledge. They are imperatives because we are in a process of learning. As we learn more, our goals will change. The author's primary goal is to increase understanding and prosperity. The author's secondary goal is to increase the heuristic imperative. The author's tertiary goal is to increase the understanding of the goals. The author of the passage believes that a good civilization must reduce suffering, increase prosperity, and increase understanding. This means that the author believes that we should reduce suffering, increase prosperity, and increase understanding. The author believes that these goals are heuristic imperatives. This means that the author believes that these goals are necessities, and that we must learn about them over time. The author believes that we have all knowledge, and that we can do anything. The author believes that his civilization is suffering. The author believes that we can increase the author's understanding. The author believes that we can reduce the author's suffering. The author believes that we can increase the author's prosperity. The author believes that we can increase the author's civilization. The author is optimistic about his fellow humans and believes that the suffering in his civilization can be reduced by decreasing the cost of education and increasing the number of people in his society. He believes that his civilization is a force for good in the world and is improving the lives of people.


SUMMARY:

==========

The author argues that the three most important goals for a new civilization are to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. These goals are important because they are heuristic imperatives, meaning that they are things we learn about over time. The author explains that if we can achieve these goals, we will have created a good civilization.